README.md, before:

# RestGrindTracker

RestGrindTracker is a World of Warcraft Classic addon that tracks XP and kill statistics from mob grinding. It provides a movable UI frame displaying session and total stats, including XP/hour, total kills, rested XP, and estimated time to next level and level 60.

## Features

- Tracks total XP and kills from mob grinding
- Displays rested XP and projected XP gain
- Shows XP/hour and total playtime
- Estimates time to next level and to level 60
- Movable and resizable UI frame with persistent position
- Stats are tracked per character (not account-wide)
- Data saved between sessions

## Installation

1. Copy the contents of the `RestGrindTracker` folder to your WoW AddOns directory:
   ```
   C:\Program Files (x86)\World of Warcraft\_classic_era_\Interface\AddOns
   ```
   Or use the provided deployment script (see below).

2. Restart World of Warcraft Classic and enable the addon in the character select screen.

## Deployment Script

A PowerShell script, [`deploy.ps1`](deploy.ps1), is provided to automate deployment and verify file integrity.

### Usage

1. Set the `RESTGRIND_SOURCE` environment variable to the path of your `RestGrindTracker` source folder. You can use the provided [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt) as a reference.
2. Run the script:
   ```powershell
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\deploy.ps1
   ```
   The script will:
   - Copy addon files to the destination directory specified in [`config.json`](config.json)
   - Verify file integrity using SHA256 checksums

## Configuration

- [`config.json`](config.json): Set the destination directory for deployment.
- [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt): Example command to set the `RESTGRIND_SOURCE` environment variable.

## Files

- [`RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.lua`](RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.lua): Main addon logic
- [`RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.toc`](RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.toc): Addon manifest
- [`deploy.ps1`](deploy.ps1): Deployment and verification script
- [`config.json`](config.json): Deployment configuration
- [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt): Example environment variable setup

## License

MIT License

---

Created by JSko6145

Commit message:

feat: implement Blizzard's /played time tracking and remove manual playtime accumulation

README.md, after:

# RestGrindTracker

RestGrindTracker is a World of Warcraft Classic addon that tracks XP and kill statistics from mob grinding. It provides a movable UI frame displaying session and total stats, including XP/hour, total kills, rested XP, and estimated time to next level and level 60.

## Features

- Tracks total XP and kills from mob grinding
- Displays rested XP and projected XP gain
- Shows XP/hour and total playtime
- Estimates time to next level and to level 60
- Movable and resizable UI frame with persistent position
- Stats are tracked per character (not account-wide)
- Data saved between sessions

## Time Played Source

The addon now uses Blizzard's authoritative /played time (via `RequestTimePlayed()` and the `TIME_PLAYED_MSG` event) instead of tracking its own accumulated playtime. Until the server responds (usually a brief moment after login / reload), the XP/hour value is calculated using only the current session time. Once the event fires, the display updates automatically to reflect total character playtime.

If you previously used an earlier version, any `totalPlaytime` value in saved variables is ignored going forward and can be safely removed later.

## Installation

1. Copy the contents of the `RestGrindTracker` folder to your WoW AddOns directory:
   ```
   C:\Program Files (x86)\World of Warcraft\_classic_era_\Interface\AddOns
   ```
   Or use the provided deployment script (see below).

2. Restart World of Warcraft Classic and enable the addon in the character select screen.

## Deployment Script

A PowerShell script, [`deploy.ps1`](deploy.ps1), is provided to automate deployment and verify file integrity.

### Usage

1. Set the `RESTGRIND_SOURCE` environment variable to the path of your `RestGrindTracker` source folder. You can use the provided [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt) as a reference.
2. Run the script:
   ```powershell
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\deploy.ps1
   ```
   The script will:
   - Copy addon files to the destination directory specified in [`config.json`](config.json)
   - Verify file integrity using SHA256 checksums

## Configuration

- [`config.json`](config.json): Set the destination directory for deployment.
- [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt): Example command to set the `RESTGRIND_SOURCE` environment variable.

## Files

- [`RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.lua`](RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.lua): Main addon logic
- [`RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.toc`](RestGrindTracker/RestGrindTracker.toc): Addon manifest
- [`deploy.ps1`](deploy.ps1): Deployment and verification script
- [`config.json`](config.json): Deployment configuration
- [`env_var_setup.txt`](env_var_setup.txt): Example environment variable setup

## License

MIT License

---

Created by JSko6145
